Who do you befriend on the train?
Do you accompany Ron to Quidditch tryouts? 
Do you explore the Potions dungeon with Draco?
Congrats on making the team! You’re the seeker! But because you've been practicing for so long, you forget to write your paper! What do you do? 
Yikes. Maybe Quidditch isn't your thing. But academics is! Which subject do you excel in? 
Uh oh! Snape catches you as you sneak around! Do you blame it on Draco? 
You decide to attend a midnight duel with Draco instead. The fighting gets pretty intense. Do you join in the shenanigans?
You've been caught by Professor McGonagall for cheating! She takes 100 points from your house. What do you do? 
You manage to write paper with enough time to spare. Do you try to sneak into the Reserved section of the library? 
You seem to have a natural talent with magical creatures! Do you become Hagrid's apprentice?
Your potions are extremely potent and smooth! Time to step up your game. Which potion do you attempt to brew next? 
Draco gets a detention and you become Snape's favorite student instead, but Draco hates you now. Do you try to salvage your friendship and make up for it? 
Your friendship with Draco grows closer. Now you’re best friends! Do you ask him about being a Death Eater? 
You were beaten pretty badly by a fifth-year. But you picked up a few new tricks. What is your favorite spell? 
Luckily, you missed out on some pretty nasty hexes. But you're inspired! Do you continue to secretly practice dueling at night?
Professor McGonagall’s so impressed by your work that she gives your house 200 points. How do you celebrate?
Professor McGonagall takes off another 300 points for your subordinance. What do you do to prevent yourself from the embarrassment of being a disappointment to your house?  
You find a magic journal, where the ink disappears as you write. It belongs to to someone named Tom Riddle. Do you keep it?
You head back to your dorm, but stumble upon a magic mirror that reflects you and  your greatest desire. What do you see? 
You soon follow in Hagrid's footsteps. You love all creatures! Do you get involved in the illegal dragon trade?
You discover Hagrid's dubious past at Hogwarts, but he’s a good friend despite the rumors. What do you do?  
Fortune's in your favor! What do you drink this lucky potion for? 
You've got three hours while on Polyjuice Potion! Who do you transform into? 
You buy him a dark item from Knockturn Alley. Draco accepts your apology - and your gift. What did you get him? 
Draco befriends Crabbe and Goyle instead. You’re heartbroken. Do you try to find other friends? 
Draco shows you his Dark Mark! You start to think... do you want one too? 
You don't want to be involved in that kind of evil magic. You look for new friends. Who do you find? 
You can disarm people very well. What do you use this for?
You witness your first dark Curse at the duel. Do you try to learn more?
Your skills get better and better. Who do you challenge to duel? 
The night is still young! And so are you! What do you do at night instead?