All aboard the Hogwarts Express!
Ron
Draco
Yes, try out!
No, you’re too nervous
Yup, so many mysteries to explore!
No, there’s too much risk!
Try to convince Hermione to write it for you.
Pull an all-nighter in the library.
Care of Magical Creatures
Potions
Of course!
I would never do that to a friend!
No way, it’s way too dangerous.
Anything to become a better wizard!
Try to make it up by writing another 10 pages. 
Argue with Professor McGonagall.
Yes, there are some really rare books…
No, it’s off-limits for a reason!
Of course! Hagrid is a great teacher.
No way, have you seen how Hagrid teaches class?
Felix Felicis
Polyjuice Potion
Of course, I would hate to wrong a friend.
Nope! Anything to be number one in Snape’s books.
Yes, Death Eaters are legendary.
No! I don’t want to be a part of that!
Expelliarmus
Crucio
Of course. Even if I have to find a secret way to practice.
No way. There’s a reason dueling is off limits!
Throw a party. Things get pretty wild, and you fail all your exams for the year.
Eat a big meal. You rest well on an full stomach! And ace your exams!
Become the class clown.You become super popular and grow up to be a celebrity with really white teeth. 
Practice Quidditch more to become the best player on the team. Everyone loves athletes!
Yes. The Chamber of Secrets is opened!
No. It’s too late! Tom Riddle has captured your soul through merely writing one word!
You see something fuzzy… A pair of warm socks, which is what you conveniently receive for Christmas! 
You see two things! Also socks!
Yes! You manage to raise a dragon in your common room! 
You’re hesitant… But you still end up rearing a dragon, and you and the dragon become best buds. 
Try to clear his name! You are a good friend.
Keep it to yourself... Hagrid repays you with rock cakes. 
A big test coming up! Perfect scores!
The TriWizard Tournament… Maybe Cedric doesn’t have to die…
A house elf! Free entry into the kitchens! Yum!
Someone with unlimited access to Hogwarts… Filch? You explore Hogwarts for hours.
A gift that you ~actually want~, a time turner!
A gift of dark magic worth lots of money. Oh the trouble it will bring as you continue to wreak havoc at Hogwarts!
Yes. You meet Cedric Diggory and Cho Chang. Your friendships are pure and wholesome for the rest of your life.
No. Draco doesn’t want to be your friend, so you’re left hopeless.
Yes. You become a Death Eater!
No. But it’s too late! You can’t stop thinking about the Dark Mark and you still become a Death Eater!
Yes. You meet Cedric Diggory and Cho Chang. Your friendship is pure and wholesome for the rest of your life.
No one. Draco doesn’t want to be your friend, so you’re left hopeless.
Practice to one day achieve your dream career: Auror
Practice to become better at dueling. You’re unstoppable! You eventually beat Voldemort. Or Dumbledore. Whichever side you end up on. 
Of course! With dark magic… we can rule the world…
No way! I’m too inexperienced at magic anyways… Congrats! You’re not a public menace.
Hermione. She beats you so badly! Better keep practicing!
The best person in your Defense Against Dark Arts class. Still Hermione.
Escape the castle. Wait, what was that hooded figure that just swooped by?!?!
Visit Hagrid. You explore the Forbidden forest and see your first unicorn! 

